[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
all that English
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
okay my drugs tonight you're gonna have to pull out that Santa mask you're gonna
have to get it on within the throne and you're gonna have to bring out your war cry because tonight we are kicking down
the gates we're kicking down the gates of the sanctuary and we are taking
the holy books and nobody will ever give them back
me foreign
[Music]
okay we're gonna have to get it on tonight tonight we're gonna have to be serious we've got our 30 minutes to cut
a deal here we've got to storm that Tower and we've got to take those books tonight I'm gonna take us right up right
up through Christian alley I'm going right up through every evangelicals thumos I'm going right through it I'm
going through Orthodox jewelry I'm going through that early period I'm going
through Hellenistic Grace oh and we're gonna go right into that Septuagint
right into the heart of your misconceptions and misbelief this is beautiful this is
beautiful we're going to talk about the Septuagint the text of Daniel you know
and somebody took out of Daniel somebody harvested part of it they wouldn't let it into the cannon because it talked
about the dragon yes the dragon exactly one of those Guardians of the relics we
know them we know them historically so here we're gonna go we're gonna look at Daniel and I just want to ask for a
minute because really where we're headed is the abomination
the Abomination of desolation has anybody heard of the
abomination of desolation I hit it Chewie now the subject of
today's study has an ominous sounding title and it is
a very serious subject what is the abomination of desolation the
abomination of desolation abomination of desolation abomination of desolation
abomination of desolation abomination abomination of desolation abomination of
desolation abomination of desolation the abomination of desolation [Music]
yes we'll play that a couple of times to hypnotize you and that's what we're
going to be talking about tonight but before we begin in order to get the right Spirit right because you can't you
can't people necromancy one-on-one you cannot summon a dead eunuch
can't summon a dead eunuch without a dead lover of Unix
so tonight I wanna come on Chuck come on I can I can feel you can you smell it it
smells like an opium den in here you know what I mean we're in that French salon and we're drinking wine
we're drinking wine hashish there's some hashish in the air
some of us are partaking we are in that place that drugs go to all of we drugs
yes Throne of Satan right these are truly the Deep things of Satan fantastic
let's bring up Chuck Chuck Butler that's why I went to France right everybody's like why'd you stomp the car early we're
not in Antiquity no no no we gotta just go back a couple hundred years man we gotta go back to Chuck Chuck set the
stage for us and by the way for those of you who are listening just consider this the opening hymn
[Music]
oh [Music]
foreign
[Music]
foreign [Music]
yes we're in that oracular place that chucks so mastered
yeah so here we are we're looking for that Oracle to admit that sweet smelling
voice we pour out prayers we pour out prayers but first where's
our eunuch where's our unit bring them up bring him that eunuchs get us up here
yep there we go oh here's so nice look at this where are we we're in the Book
of Daniel right which many of you think was written Hebrew but it's not the oldest version we have is in Greek and
it is not a translation it is not a magical let me step back
fairy tales aside everybody around you thinks that This
Book of Daniel was written in Hebrew and then translated maybe Aramaic translated
into Greek and Septuagint magically by 70 some Scholars and they weren't even
Scholars right they were holy men because who else could go into different cells and come up with the
exact same verbatim translation of a text that in Hebrew they said they have
but we don't have doesn't exist stop the magic let's get the science
going people and stop the magic Africanus was right stuff was written in Greek it's got Greek uh idiom minute
okay so let's look at it and funny thing is I'll give you one
one thing it will make the evangelicals quite upset all the references to Christ have been
scrubbed from it yes all the references of Christ in the Septuagint were taken
out by the gents gentlemen and I'll put my
focus on the men the gentlemen of the 10th century those
what do they call themselves they were a sect they were sacked trying to they had
one agenda and that was to make Hebrew the holy language right it's got to be the language of Jehovah that is the holy
language and these maserates they went ahead and they created a text in which they scrubbed any references to Christ
wow fantastic fan did you know that no but we have the original taxi they
couldn't they couldn't erase it from history because the Septuagint is still sitting there it's still there let's go
to the text run to the eunuchs remember we're in the garden with Jesus all the time that is all this investigation is
about to find out what he's doing in that garden with that naked kid
let's go to our first passes this is Daniel who is this now we're talking about Darius who's the king of the medes
huh that's what the text says King of the maids the bed door right okay
and the King says to his arch eunuch his
oh my God take that down what is it first of all I didn't know there was yeah it's much less Arch eunuchs yes
Arch Unix eunuchs are ranked Unix is ranked
what is a eunuch you say I just want to repeat
to you a little something that guazo said in the 16th yay yay here it is what
what what a laughable and at the same time pitiable example of this art is told of
a young man of narbone who was led into slavery by a thracian pirate
he was put to sleep by a powerful drug and his testicles were so neatly cut out that when he awoke thus deprived of his
Realty he marveled at himself as at a new man
yes a new creation gorgeous what do you do with Unix and antiquity
there's a lot you can and can't do with Unix you can't get pregnant from them
yes you can't they no longer can impregnate you however they still have
sexual drive so they make excellent excellent excellent slaves for the
wealthy for the wealthy yes you can have if you're a woman you can have multiple
eunuchs take your pick take a pick of the eunuchs
what kind of eunuchs do we want we want eunuchs that are good looking according to the Bible these have to be the best
looking units do we have the just so the people get the yeah go ahead put up words of Jesus Jesus said something
about Unix wait a minute son
back up I'm just gonna translate there are eunuchs the sorted are that way from
birth yeah and there are those that are made eunuch unicized he says there are those
that are unicized by people and there are those who unicy themselves for the
sake of the kingdom of uranos
let the one who is able Ascend engage let the one who is able to
engage engage this is Mystery this is Mystery who is Jesus talking about
people don't even recognize this I must have heard a thousand thousand different Bible scholars and sermons and pastors
and Priests it's theologians monseniors I must have heard a thousand of these
business about that nobody knows what that means does anybody realize that he's talking
about unicizing people within cult he's talking about mother a great mother he's
talking about Addis bro Jesus knows at us some people do that themselves Jesus
had to know the golly or or he wouldn't have been talking about people voluntarily castrating
themselves because you know it's a big deal Ryan check out Lucian
the goloy and the guy lawyer constantly those guys that make themselves you know
your 10 year old boy and you're caught up in the thing and you're doing the right and by off it comes off comes the
testicles right next thing you're throwing them into some lady's house right seriously she's bringing up dress
you up eunuch that is gorgeous well Daniel Daniel is one of these eunuchs and
people are like I love it the Christians are like oh well you know to what proof do we have what letters testicles were
cut off yes yes okay well remember we're in the world of the lace days who do you
think was cutting off testicles is the Pirates right those those pirate child
traffickers the ones that Jesus is running out saying I am not a child
trafficker right that one's making eunuchs that's funny Jesus talking about
that's twice that he's talked about directly about child trafficking we have
to keep note of that there's going to be more evidence at his trial right okay fantastic yeah
um let's go back to that first passage Dania what happens here Ryan he wants him he says King says hey brah Arch
eunuch I want some boys
from the seed of Israel I want these captives that we just take place what
does he want he wants does everybody see it next to that big number four that's the arbitrary verse number four
wait a minute I've seen an East Coast before I saw on a garden with Jesus
and everybody says well no he could have been 35 years old
yes it's a diminutive even the sigma Kappa is a diminutive so it's a little boy
oh yes that's what he wants Darius is like I need my niece boy you know what I mean
and what kind of Nanny score do we want if we're King let's see who are these oracular boys
look at hoist Este in whom is not any
sort of mamas no blemish no fault no physical fault but they are Carlos
they are hot to look at I want hot boys
that's what Dorian says go get the hot boys of Israel hot boys let's go get them bring it up
I told you your Bible is dirty it's dirty right so what's he gonna do with these guys
he's gonna establish them before himself to stand there before himself he's gonna educate him he's gonna bring him through
and show him look at that last line the gram attack on
the gramata Kai glosson
the written forms and the language of the Chaldean and you
think Chaldean people and you think oh he's talking about one thing there right the language yeah no he didn't mention a
language but he also mentioned the gramata and for any bonehead who is Red which is excludes most classes is the
PGM you know straight up that these gramata are magical symbols
hmm magical symbols the gramata orfica right those magic symbols that
are being used vicious trying to figure out right we have our best man on it don't worry
that's what they're going to be learning yeah and they're going to do it through this closeness okay let's see what
happens then we go to Daniel we're gonna go to one of these eunuchs we're going to see what happens to them yeah go
ahead hit it yeah look at some look at verse 21 yeah and so Daniel's praying
you know he's praying and hey this uh an heir this guy named Gabriel comes in who
he had seen in the vision previously and he's flying he's flying and what does
Gabriel do he grabs him he grabs them right at the time of the Hesperides
right at the time of that evening sacrifice yeah and what does it say in
22. soon now they typically translate this as he taught or instructed or
something like that right he became one with baby he became one with me
yeah and he spoke with me and said
I've come now to bring a sudnessist yeah I'm come here to bring a union
to make a union or why is that why is that verse 23
is the word the logos the expression the
thing you said the thing you said has come to me go back the thing you said
Has Come to Me In Your diocese in your yearning in your yearning as you prayed
and I came to tell you okay take it off what um okay so I get it uh
he's seen it dude he's on a vision before and the dude hopped owes them
[Music] the dude hopped those them and this is the word that is problematic because
hopto can be to touch intimately it can even be to attack with
your hands they have a hands thing Riot hands
tack with my hands and the parents are like Jesus stop hop doing all our
children and the disciples are like Jesus they're saying don't touch them don't touch them
and you're saying Jesus what Jesus say what Mr I'm I'm not a job trafficker but
this is how you make eunuchs laughs yeah what is what does Jesus say oh
don't scandalize me don't scandalize me okay let's go back to the text so um
yeah he's come in and what does the angel say to him he's standing right there he's standing right there with
that wall he says [Music]
I'm gonna try to bring the meaning across okay this is Angel to hot boy
Daniel Angel the hot boy Daniel right try to hearthiana episode
[Music] because you
are a hot you are a hot
passionate desirous kid wait what
I've come across you epithemeon that's what he tells me he says I've come across you and you're sitting here
Epping through me on that's that feeling you get that's that
feeling when you see across a crowded space you see that
person and Eros hits you Eros puts you into that state of
epithemia it is considered an antiquity a drugged state
Eros drugs you he puts you into a love stupor you were Charmed there is nothing
you can do Daniel this beautiful boy is sitting
there in this state an angel Gabriel you know Gabriel's pervert before did you
Angel Gabriel sees him he says I see you in epithemia now for
those of you who think a word of this or Hebrew you're wrong this is pure idiomatic Greek Greek Concepts epithem
is not Hebrew it has nothing to do with Hebrew it is old old old
pre-proto Hebrew concept
epithemia why because there's Mycenaean Greeks were big into the thumos and what
is your fumas fumas they had all those queens and those queens were big on that chest talk
chest up epithemia look what burns inside me it's my epithomia that's how
he gets Daniel that's how he finds Daniel okay um so let's go back to the passage yeah
just a couple of things here to point out you know and he says so you know take the tanks in mind the things that
I'm going to tell you you know and look at there's there's this thing coming it's 70 abdomads yeah 70 had groups of
seven a lot of people like translate this is weak because we're we like to read things in the text that
aren't literally there right yeah so anyway this is the 70 weeks that all the
evangelicals get all aroused about yeah um I want you to look at the very bottom
line yeah there's that Christ thing there's that Christ thing of the Holy
One yep and that suneces right in no say
that closeness I'm I don't know if you noticed it but in that first in that first set of verses if you go back you
find don't it's okay if you go back it's all right sure we're gonna bust forward because we're losing time
um if you look at it you'll find that um the king wants the kids to have
gnosis no sis so for those of you understanding the
narcissism tracking the gnosis that's what the king wants the children to be
able to enter that's why Jesus is with that kid teaching him the mystery in
pseudo Clement yeah love it teaching him the mystery yeah do you see entering the gnosis
entering the Nazis did you know it was perverted did you know it was perverted
um [Music] it's getting undeniable with all these eunuchs you know I mean it's getting
undeniable let's go on let's go on I'm gonna have to yep let's go ahead and
do these look I just wanted you to see hopso I'm going to skip through these real quick you can slow them down later
if you want to take a look go on um look at this this soon as this this is just that coming together like coming
together go ahead the next one yeah yeah more derivation from the verb
Sunni Amy right SUNY Amy that's that coming together let's keep going some
bino you can talk about this joining excellent another Passage yes brilliant
okay now watch this verse 27
yeah he's going to what he's going to establish some kind of diatheke what is
a dfeke now stop right there pull it down people will say Covenant cover
Praise Jesus covenant theology right no
no you people have no clue what is that word in Greek bring it bring up the next
one look at this what is it a disposition of property by Will Testament look at Roman
numeral number two [Music]
look at that look at that what are those Mystic deposits on which the common
wheel depended oracles given by a diabetes
what is that a one who arranges or sets in order and what is the example here in
harasses yeah Muse's oracles
now prophets that's why we're talking profits in these texts didn't you see in that paragraph before it said he was
going to re-establish the prophecy yeah we're in that place you can't get the
prophecy without naked eunuchs you can't you can't what does mean this Angel
comes in and pushes this kid into the desert he pushes him into the Wilderness
boom what does that mean to be stripped naked
oh in solitude isn't that something to be strip naked into that place
yeah or everyone and everything he's looking at you
to enter into that world to enter into that world do you see the language
itself is the language of the initiation
it's gorgeous mystery didn't Paul tell you come here Paul come here no it's
okay put your hands down I'm not gonna do not gonna do anything just chill out put your hands down just tell the people
Paul just tell the people Saint Paul
tell them it's the mystery operation and mystery you know it you
know what's going on Paul take your vibrant shut up go sit down next to you
so uh let's hit another couple of texts here what we're up to this one I just
want to keep we've got to get to a certain place go ahead put that one up yeah and what is this operators what is
this operators what are these hidden what are these Hidden Mysteries what are
these hidden oracles these things that we should be doing that Daniel is involved in look there are things not to
be spoken they're secret their sacred things ineffable or secret look at they
give us a oh my goodness look at the goace
yeah you see that under B Roman numeral number two B go Ace what is it going
magician sorcerer right Jesus was a ghost right what is that a man of
mystery when it says mystery it doesn't mean uh you don't know
it means mystery is in the operation the execution of a mystery right
of a mystery right there's one more surprise though at the bottom of that one pull that pull up that one again
ever look down take off satanic initiation look at five equals
let me see this folks so I can tell him what Isaiah are
idea was translated you know the Greeks walked over to Romans and Roman Greeks
pointed and they said I Toya and the Romans pointed at the same place
it said pudenda pudenda as you place a shame bro as you
place the shame cover up your pudenda bro Ryan those are the hidden parts
those are the hidden Parts lady Parts man Parts it doesn't matter parts parts right
hermaphrodite parts right it doesn't matter parts cover up those parts
yeah so wait a minute these oracles that are unutterable or unutterable because
they have something to do with sex yes I doian or genitalia
right these are the oracular
voices that are achieved by the activation of the genitalia the Opera
shhh foreign don't say anything about it right now
you know right Mark he's going to take that section of the Gospel out
right that talks about it it's just too much right this is something that we
you're going to scandalize listen to what the head the head honcho said the
head trafficker said he said you're gonna scandalize us you're going to scandalize us
I tell you that the arrest warrant is getting longer and longer you know what
I mean we've got them down this is pure racketeering this is pure racketeering Jesus the pirate eunuch making I wonder
how many people how many units did Jesus make let's make it pull
on do you think Jesus made a few eunuchs
a lot of eunuchs or maybe unit crazy maybe he was just making him
left and right maybe that was part of the problem right I mean we see at least a couple of them the young boys and the
and the cemeteries that are nude we see those guys
huh lots of eunuch boys okay let's go back to our passage I want to give you
guys just a couple of things go ahead um remember for those of you who think
now come on this delugma this
a Thing That We're translating is abomination right filthiness this
filthiness um you're thinking um this has nothing to do with little
boys and having sex I run that clip again please the Abominations we need to see that one more time now the subject
of today's study uh it has an ominous sounding title and
it is a very serious subject what is the abomination of desolation the
abomination of desolation abomination of desolation abomination of desolation
abomination of desolation abomination the abomination of desolation abomination of desolation abomination of
desolation the abomination of desolation [Music]
that destination is the wildernesses
that place where you envision the god that is where the Abomination is it is
that place where you envision the god via the drug it'll be established
it'll be established as the proper form an older form of worship in the Heron in
the temple as the proper form of worship what does
that have to do with intercourse you being too dirty with Jesus and his boy
and this thing about the Abominations what is that let's look let's look
kitties let's look go ahead Martin
she lady Babylon has a golden cup in her hand and what is in that cup the
Abominations and the off-runnings of her poornaya of her
intercourse of her Temple worship and right and on her forehead is a name
and what is that name
she is the mother of pornon the mother of those
prostitutive Acts yes
and I saw her I don't think what is she she is wasted wasted high
from the blood of the Holy oh God that cup is full of the Abominations
that is full of her Abominations of her sex act
now you think you wander to yourself the re-establishment of this right
is the end of everything re-establishment of this right is the
end of everything interesting what incredible fear what
incredible fear they had of this apparently enigmatic and amazing mystery
performance yes yes and now you know now
you know why we have to get there with Daniel if you want to have Vision you've
got to go through that eunuch that good looking eunuch right and you have to
bring that eunuch to the place to the place of the eremon to the air
Moses you've got to bring him there and when he's in that place he'll have
vision and that is what runs Empires right
these potentates whether they're masculine feminine ladies don't get all
don't get all you know self-righteous because you're the ones who figure this
stuff all out yeah it's all from feminine medicine fingerprints are all over it it's all
female medicine this is your art these Sorcerers are your sorcerers
so does it make sense that you ladies would want to possess
castrated boys who can create vision
yeah yeah castrated boys who can create Vision you didn't think the great mother
phrygian mother you didn't think she cut off Addison's testicles for no reason did you
right um this is artisanry this is craftsmanship
this is brilliant what they're doing to the human body is
fantastic and the texts the texts reflect the level of technical
skill level of technical skill that is certainly Beyond
um I don't believe we would have an ability in the modern world to reproduce these rights properly
I don't believe we'd be able to simply just based on the pharmacology just based on the pharmacology right
what a world it would be to open the Water of Life right and to increase our age
and to create to create the Medusa again
and to bring that transition why is a world that we hunger for that
transition to the bock that transition from the masculine to the feminine turn
me into a woman what does that mean what does it mean when a man cries
that's the Hallelujah before the Hallelujah and it was a Hallelujah yelled by somebody who's being
transformed from a male into a female
yeah the Christ this is fantastic this is gorgeous the chemistry here is just I
don't know why people don't don't want to take it up let's go we got a few more I got a couple more slides
here I just want to show you they're not slides now you know I'm 170. right
right look at that it's a strip bare you want to become aromatic you get stripped bare
what is that deluma look at this whoa whoa this is not what you're gonna think it is what is that Abomination for all
the guys yelling Abomination and by the way I've never heard a person ever teach
ever you have been lied to if you've ever heard anything about abomination of desolation you have been lied to this is
his right a lexicographer ancient lexicographer okay
and what does he give us little hints into his the delug me I or nausea they
are now CI and you will recognize in English take it down the word nausea
it's where we get nausea what happens when you're nauseous you belch out what is causing your
sickness right and you bring that that right that
thing that comes out of you imagine a cup of it now imagine a cup of it from
her fornication that stuff that is ejected out
right that which is a cathartic which has been purged it contains right it
contains that power and it contains that pharmacological uh genie in it love it love this love it
let's keep going nausea sickness yeah notice look at
number two those victorians or nastiness yes you can see them their
faces would crack if they um if you force them to show you the
filth that comes from the great Harlot yes I think that would kill every
British Victorian scholar of Classics who ever lived I think it would I think
it I think the very thought of it would kill we wouldn't have to even bring it in and show them they just kill them yes
just thinking about it next one please yep that's good oh well here um yeah
here's our Abomination right as of an idol notice they've got to throw that in which is hilarious okay keep going
because performing idolatry and having sex is the same word anyway anywho
hot and they dated yes this is Jesus now right this is our this is our guy who
knows about the ejections of the great Harlot right and he knows about castrating children
and people are yelling at him for getting touchy of the eremos
this abomination of entering the
singular solitary nudity have you ever been in edemosis
have you ever been you know an angel can show you that an angel can take you there
it's a place where you get vision it's a place where you get Vision so now
you're starting to think look everybody's been here a while this is satanic initiation everybody's been here
for a while and we've all you know been wondering where this thing is going and we're beginning
to see this kind of ship emerge through the fog we're seeing
the ship emerge the fog and we're beginning to think I could ride in that ship I could become a member of that I
could jump onto it I could sail off in the fog and that ship that is what the mystery is right something performed
mystery is not faith Paul shut up never confuses the two never
you can't mystery is not faith and that's why everybody here who believes
the fairy tale will immediately be caught unawares
because the faith is not the operation of your mystery the faith is not the
operation of your mystery yeah yeah that faith is proof it's a seal
it's a proof that you engage it's not the actual performance of
and this is a problem Paul shut up he's trying to make this conversion
right trying to do it it's a form of indoctrination and it's it's very
unflattering by the way people say Paul is the greatest writer in the New Testament he's so smart bull bull
bull yeah yeah this is just common yeah there's nothing impressive about it you
see a lot more impressive from Hardcore pagans so don't don't think that Paul is
Mr Smarty smart right he may be taking his drugs full of that Viper Venom so
he's immune right but we're not here to bash you shut up and sit down
I oh he's so loud go bring us up next text look at this people the aces what
is that um I just want you to notice that it is paired here with orexas below
epithemia these are the drives these are the drives so that angel is dealing with
Daniel with Daniel at the level of the drives right or axis
conconation a longing for something this comes from Kono kanari and Latin to want
um I am taking I am Desiring I am wanting good how about this what is this
this is what they want this is what that tsunetes is Daniel and
the angel have a have a relationship that is that of the Sun tairas
the hatira well Tyra they used to translate as
um mistress [Music] hatara is your mistress so
it's using the same root to indicate the relationship is that is
one of lovers yeah and don't be surprised you saw Hercules with his boy everywhere he's
leading around you saw Jesus with his little boy and he's got in the garden right you've seen this with the little
boys this just shouldn't shouldn't Amaze you the thing that you haven't seen is the women with the little boys
right so we've got nothing to balance it we've got nothing to balance hence the necessity of the transformation
yeah this is gorgeous I love this stuff okay last I think I have one more
um one no not that one put up that one yep nope that was it okay
so uh when we look at the big picture of the activation of the mystery
and we're looking at the actual practice of the mystery where we need to start
forming a vocabulary around it so that when somebody says abomination of
desolation um that means something right now to you sitting there Abomination desolation
doesn't mean anything that phrase doesn't mean you can hear preachers throw that thing around none
of them knows what it means none of them if they knew it would make them even
more faithful right but they follow the fairy tale
they follow the fairy tale so they can't grasp right it's the same thing that
drove the classics department at the University of Wisconsin to say the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing
and talking about drugs the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing right totally how could you not of all
the drugs that we've brought before us of all the drugs that you've seen
now you know there's you could never make that statement you know more than a
classicist who is a professor that not is just a professor she was the head of my department
she was the head of the department yes Saint Andrews educated
yes and she didn't know she didn't know she had never seen you mean and all you're
done and all your time of reading The Iliad you never saw that they were using
drugs did all did we all miss the eunuch you know I was talking to the devil I was
talking to devil asking him
you're not even gonna see the eunuch he says you didn't even see the eunuch oh my God how did we miss these people
how do we miss these things where is all of this going you don't know this world
and people will sit up in front of you and will tell you they will tell you this is how it is
experts abomination of desolation abomination
I defy you to tell me what that is based upon what preachers priests and holy
people say New Testament Scholars they suck too yeah yeah
what are these off-runnings what are these offerings what are these things that are vomited forth these
unclean things that she brings up in her cup from her poor nail from her poor nail your history was
built upon this right and Daniel is a part of
it through the medes through the medes you
cannot enter that Kingdom
without cutting off your own testicles
wow that's something okay okay I'm more circumspect now
we've got to in the future from now on we're going to start mounting our case
because we've got the indictment is going to come down we know that the trans-dimensional grand
jury found that Jesus's crimes are to be
prosecuted so we're ready to go we're ready to go they voted to prosecute so
we have to be building a case now and in order to do that we're gonna have to take back these texts I gave you tonight
as you're sitting here and I respect your time all of you who are listening got tremendous respect
and I don't want to waste your time so I'm just gonna say it like it is we
need to kick down the door of the Temple and we need to take back these texts
these are ours that one that I read to you tonight that was buried that was buried by a
religious sect in the 10th and 11th centuries ninth ninth and 10th and 11th centuries
who buried this text they did not want you understanding what was going on now
maybe they did it from their own ignorance right and you know you can't make a back translation without screwing
things up right it just doesn't work and in fact they tried to do what the Babylonians did with the tower it tries
to do it backwards route it through Hebrew and it didn't work historically Chronos Saturn says Nah Nah don't worry
don't work that way we're bound to time we're bound to time and before Jehovah
was this mystery now stop I just said the mystery produced
everything do you remember in the garden do you remember what we do
we have our eyes opened and we end up stripped naked
welcome to the right and hail Satan drinking whiskey
[Music] thank you
hey [Music]